---
title: "Ōkami HD"
date: 2020-02-11
score: 8
X-Platform: Nintendo Switch
:
---

# Flammie reviews: Ōkami HD

Okami is an action RPG game that is often said to be like Zelda, and while
both games are action RPGs, I find that they do not share awfully lot.
In Okami, you control a dog that is a sun god. Also, you have a flea that
can draw things on screen.  This is one of the main mechanics of the game,
you draw things that affect the stuff in the world. It starts up as very
cool and interesting feature, early on in the game you draw a bridge to
create a bridge, and it works in the first try. However, the further
you get into the game more apparent it gets that this feature is both
under-utilised and overused if that makes sense.  For example, most of
the things that you will always draw are circles. And circles are things
that the game is the worst at recognising. So more often than not you end
up redrawing things on screen several times. This is not a good mechanic
if failure means getting damage in battle or restarting a long sequence
of coreographed action events. The battle mechanic that doesn't concern
drawing is really boring, about 95 % of fights can be dealt with with
button smashing. A few fights require you to jump around or sneak behind
the monsters to hit soft spots, but all in all it's not very exciting.

Luckily fighting is not the main part of the game, dungeons and towns are
full of puzzles and there's a collectatelement to all this. The plot is
cool and fun and dialogue is ok, some parts show its age as I'm playing
this in HD remake of 2020, the constant barrage of infantile boobs jokes
from the flea are more of fremdscham than funny already.

I played it all through in 40 hours and it was mostly enjoyable so
altogether I would recommend it for fans of Zeldas and Kingdom Hearts,
it's better than average but not super good. Find it in discount if
you can.

> *Score*: ★★★★★★★★☆☆ (8 out of 10)
